pull the trigger this Friendster nail
and whack it in a one hit what you're
telling me is good by conventional
hammer life
radagast you only ever get a little bit
of gas at a time hey you noticed I'm I
like to come by and see you I like
seeing you as well
I was hoping to save up to taking dinner
someplace nice I love that yeah whatever
you want by the way this one's on me
I've been thinking about this ever since
I first got gas at your place you must
be so excited
do you mean to tell me with no money
down I can buy it do you know what this
Tillerman TV show we keep seeing this
guys we need to know who this man is and
we need him on this show I'm sorry about
all these cheap dates this TV stuff I'm
just a little out of it but you know the
clapper yeah but I'm gonna bounce back
what is that your head is about to
explode that's my head you can take that
off
all right computer somebody's making
money on it it ain't us I should charge
you like five bucks right now just for
watching this man right here yeah do you
know the clapper dirty some people came
by tonight asking all kinds of questions
made a photograph of you you're in
trouble
no I'm not in trouble I like you Eddie I
really do under but I need my job like I
need my job
how'd you get this number night here the
night we want you to be on the show I'm
not comfortable do you not television
anywhere it stop harassing my girl
where's Judy
[Applause]
things got out of control and I didn't
know how to handle it
the clapper is great to finally meet you
I mean you wanna make a big joke out of
me go ahead I just lost the only person
that matter through this whole thing I
can't tell you how nice lists good
things could come out of this
Oh
[Music]
we didn't do it again don't look at me
look at the camera you looking at me
don't look at me I know I'm talking you
but don't look at me don't look at me
look at the camera you look at me again
[Music]
you